Plains Of Hope		@	You stand next to the smithy while a wind current hits your face. While standing idle watching the merchant bringing his new merchantice out of the caravan and the doctor tending the wounds of a peasant, you observe in the horizon a way pointer pointing north-west, north-east and west.						@	plainsofhope.jpg
Dead Wing Passage		@	The wind hits the two statues of men violently will a cold breeze comes from the snowy mountains of the south.																					@	deadwingpassage.jpg
Daramish			@	This area was once plains where farmers grew their crops, now bandits and outlaws inhabit this area and they have camps all over the plains.																		@	daramish.jpg
Belverus Lake		@	A small lake in the middle of the region. Its a misty place full of beasts and other predators. While following the road you find your self at the meeting point of three roads, one leading to the west, one to the south-west and one to the south-east. 									@	belveruslake.jpg
Baramish Ruins		@	Baramish ruins are one of the many ruins that the great war left at its passage. Before that it was an outpost to supply weapons and armor to the soldiers of the south.																@	baramishruins.jpg
Nimrod Beach		@	The sound of the waves calms your mind as you walk towards the coast. You realize there is pirate ship in the horizon loading barrels and food from the coast line. 																	@	nimrodbeach.jpg
Anglor Bay			@	Anglor bay is the main hideout of pirates and smuglers on the south parts of Yeress. You carefully try to sneak into the cave withoun any of the pirates noticeing you.																@	anglorbay.jpg
Angabur Village		@	While entring the village you realize that some of the villagers are gazing at you with a buldersome glance. At the far east of the village next to a shop you see a doctor puting dead bodies into a caravan.  													@	angaburvillage.jpg
Angabur Cemetery		@	People from angabur village and the plains of hope have been buring their dead since the great war, when a necromancer laid a curse on their desendants.																	@	angaburcemetery.jpg
Angabur Tombs		@	While opening the door to the tomb you smell an intense scent of dead corpses. Continueing down the stairs you hear creape sounds and so you draw emidiately your weapon.															@	angaburtombs.jpg
Delta Rivers		@	Bandits and other tribes from the south have made their residence on delta rivers. You are trying to find a way to cross the rivers and head west without noticing you.																@	deltarivers.jpg
Aldor Ascend		@	The road to the mountains of Aldor is steep and the cold winter wind makes your body tremble. You slowly see the peak at the horizon on the west.																		@	aldorascend.jpg
Aldor Summit		@	At the mountain summit you road is blocked by a huge rocky gate. After a while observing this gate you realize that a big skull is carved on it.																		@	aldorsummit.jpg
Fortress Of The Mists		@	Once a training fortress for the paladins of the south, now its been overrun by outlaws isolating the kingdom of Aldor from the rest of Yeress.																		@	fortressofthemists.jpg
Aldor Reign Castle		@	 Upon entering the castle you see many militia troops come and go from the castle's warehouse. 																						@	aldorreigncastle.jpg
Dead Mire Swamp		@	Travelers try to avoid passing through this place due to its legends from the great war. It is said that witches aligned with the necromancers and learn from them the arts of dark magic and summoning demons. The whole place if filled with huts and gives you the feeling of dread and suffering.					@	deadmireswamp.jpg
Quag Mire Swamp		@	A very gummy and dark place. From the moment you entered the swamp you feel thousands of eyes gazing towards you.																				@	quagmireswamp.jpg
Elysium Mine's Entrance	@	The entrance to the mine is directly connected with Quag Mire Swamp. Upon arriving on the mine's entrance you see that it is a monster's head and on its throat a big gate made out of brances is blocking your path.												@	elysiumminesentrance.jpg
Elysium Mine		@	Before the war dwarves maid this mine in order to mine copper, iron, mithril and other materials to support the troops in the upcoming battle. Now this mine is abandoned and you can see the skeleton of the dwarves still lying on the floor.										@	elysiummine.jpg
Drash Mire Swamp		@	One of the three main swamps in the land of Yeress. Drash Mire Swamp is the one closest to the kingdom of Tan'leri. While wondering into the swamp you hear voices coming from the trees.														@	drashmireswamp.jpg
Plain's Of Estild		@	A peaceful place which is located at the borders of the Tan'leri kingdom. Merchants from the west pass from this route often.																				@	plainsofestild.jpg
Suloild'sh Road's		@	This roads was the primary route of the merchants from the west. Now it is an abandoned peacefull place due to the watch tower on the north-west that has been runsucked by bandits and outlaws.														@	suloildshroad.jpg
Worach Watch Tower 		@	The tower stands tall into the sky. While geting closer to the tower you realize that it is heavily guarded by bandits. So, you start sneaking to the gate trying not to notice you. 																@	worachwatchtower.jpg
Quekalsul Har Ruins		@	Before the great war Quekalsul Har ruins was a monastery of water mages. Now after its destruction it still holds mysteries about the creation of the clan.																	@	quekalsulharruins.jpg
Del'raku Oasis		@	Slowly you aproach the little pond at the middle of the oasis to drink water. A pack of lions are staring at you and so you back up.																			@	delrakuoasis.jpg
Tan'leri City		@	The great city of Tan'leri stands proud at the border of the Tan'leri kingdom. By entering the city you see a couple of merchants selling their stuff to the citizens and the city guards at the top of the wall's of the city observing any intruders into the kindoms from the east and from the north.						@	tanlericity.jpg
Orm'ray Roads		@	The main roads connecting all the areas of the desert together. Even though it is close to the city of Tan'leri many beast of the desert and raiders pass from here.																	@	ormrayroads.jpg
Akrabor Ruins		@	You stands at the entrance of the ruins and try to find your way through them. A strong current hits you coming from north-west. You start heading that way and at the end you find a huge gate made out of red stone.												@	akraborruins.jpg
Akrabor Domain		@	By entering the domain you see in the horizon two huge head statues and you head through them. At the end you find a big tomb entrance filled with bats.																	@	akrabordomain.jpg
Akrabor Catacombs		@	The feeling of dread and the smell of decaied corpses become more strong with every step you take down to the tombs. When you finally reached the bottom you see a big circular room with carved graves on the walls and a big pillar made out of skulls and bones.								@	akraborcatacombs.jpg
Omrr Oasis		@	After your journeys on the Tan'leri deserts you enter the omrr oasis to quench your thirst. You drink a sip of water and imidiatelly you feel you strenght return to you.																@	omrroasis.jpg
Forest of Sorrows		@	A battle was held in this forest at the time of the great war, where a battalion of soldiers had to savrifice themselves in order to stop the summoning of a witch king. Thats why this place is called the forest of sorrows.												@	forestofsorrows.jpg
Oldash Maze		@	Oldash maze is a maze built long before the war by the tribes of trolls. You entered the maze and after a while you riallize that everything looks the same. After many hours of searching an exit which leads to three different places, north, nort-east and north-west.								@	oldashmaze.jpg
Belkat Docks		@	Ships come and go from this dock to bring merchantices from other lands into Yeress. You can also find here vessels to take you to the island of Oravor.																	@	belkatdocks.jpg
Aleeim Desert		@	The scorching sun makes every move in the desert really difficult. After a while you find yourself at a split road which leads to south, south-west, east and north-east.																@	aleeimdesert.jpg
Ageolda Desert		@	The strong sun is blinding your shight so find a temporary caving to rest and to plan you next move. After a while you realize there are only two options, the first is to return to the desert and the other to travel north-east through a nomads camp.										@	ageoldadesert.jpg
Nomads Outpost		@	A big camp of nomads is located in the middle of this desert. While observing their camp you see that the guards are guarding the eastern passage from their camp.																@	nomadsoutpost.jpg
Caves Of The Scortching Sun	@	You stand at the entrance of the cave lighting up a torch and entering the cave. You slowly feel the heat of the desert to leave your body and the darkness surround you with every step you take into the cave.													@	cavesofthescorthingsun.jpg
Eld'ny Peak		@	After a while venturing into the borders of the necromancers domain you find your self at the top of Eld'ny mountain. From here you can see the scortched land of Tan'leri the forest's and jungles of Asvor as well as the dread necromancers domain.									@	eldnypeak.jpg
Azol' Eldar Jungle		@	The middle of the continent that once was habitted by trolls. There are paths that lead to the north, south, north-west and south-west.																			@	azoleldarjungle.jpg
Lilen Coast		@	The moon is your guide while you across the coast. While walking you found an abandoned camp with the camp fire still burnig, so you decide to make camp there for the night.															@	lilencoast.jpg
Azol' Angar Jungle		@	The trees in the jungle are huge thus blocking the light of the sun. There are many totems in this place each one has carvings made by the trolls hundreds years ago. 																@	azolangarjungle.jpg
Masson Tunnels		@	While exiting the jungle you found a small path leading into the mountains. You cut your way through the vines and the trees that are in your path. Finally you came at the end of the path which led you to a cave entrance block by a gate with white mamouth horns.								@	massontunnels.jpg
Smelter of Al' Hateck		@	After venturing into the depth of the cave you finally reached the end of the stairs. While observing the area you see small houses embeded into the mountain's wall and at the middle you see a big iron smelter. You quickly realize that this whole place is an underground hideout.							@	smelterifalhateck.jpg
Shamans Reatreat		@	After venturing into the jungle you found yourself at what seems to be small ruins. You decide to  search the ruins and after a while you find an altar. While observing the altar you see sketches on it, a sacrificial knife on its top and wierd rune.										@	shamansreatreat.jpg
Lake Of Enala		@	You approach the lake to get some water and suddenly you feel calm and peacefull. When you finish you lift your head towards the west and you see the lands of scholomance, the abomination of the necromancers.												@	lakeofenala.JPEG
Passage To Ash'vor		@	A small and narrow passage inside the mountains which leads to Ashvor city. At the end of the passage you see a small house for the guards who watch the road.																	@	passagetoashvor.jpg
Ash'vor			@	The greate city of Ashvor stands tall at the mountains of the north. Many of the houses here are emebedded inside the mountain's rock thus making this city strong against any attacks. 															@	ashvor.jpg
Hopes End Wall		@	You stand in a cliff west of the wall and observe the wall. You see a big force of enemies such as skeletons, excecutionares and othe abominations making their way inside the scholomance domain. When every last of them got through the wall you slowly start approaching the gate.						@	hopesendwall.jpg
Oravor Coast Road		@	This place is full of cliffs so you slowly make your way to your destination, climbing and hicking all the way until the end of the road.																			@	oravorcoastroad.jpg
Village Of Scholomance	@	This place once was a farmers village. When the forces of Yeress forced the necromancers back they retreated to this domain. Legend says that when they came to this place they slaughtered the villagers and some others where made as an experiment for their dark magic. Now the only thing that exists here are dead bodys and hanged skeletons.	@	villageofscholomance.jpg
Library Of Dark Arts		@	The sacred library of the necromancers here they draw all their knowledge for the dark arts. You also see some glyphs of the walls and wonder what they say.																	@	libraryofdarkarts.jpg
Scholomance Citadel		@	While aproaching the gates of the citadel you feel the chill of dread and sorrow. Wispers and screams are heard all around this place while magic green fire is lighting this dreadful place. 															@	scholomancecitadel.jpg
Scholomance Depths		@	After venduring at the depths of the scholomance citadel you see place of tombs and graves. At the middle of the room there is a big sarcofagus and two warrior statues on either side. 															@	scholomancedepths.jpg
Torturing Chamber		@	During the great war the necromancers imprisoned and tortured people in this place. You can still see the marks of blood in the walls and hear their eternal screams through out the chamber.														@	torturingchamber.jpg
Tunnels Of Scream		@	Surrounded by the darkness of the cave you vendure deep into the cave. You can hear wispers from all around the cave. Suddenly you see an exit on the east.																	@	tunnelsofscream.jpg
Entrance Of Lost Souls	@	This entrance leads to the kingdom of scholomance the home of the necromancers. You see two huge statues on either side of the entrance while inside of it a magic ward is blocking your way.														@	entranceoflostsouls.jpg
Oravor West Coast		@	The beauty of the oravor island is unmatched and its mysteries also. At the time of the great war this island was captured not only by the forces of Yeress but also from the necromancers, due its unique place with the rest of the world.											@	oravorwestcoast.jpg
Oravor East Coast		@	The wind makes the sea unweary and the moon is you guide on the coast. While walking towards the end of the coast you can see a fisher man with its boat counting the days catch.															@	oravoreastcoast.jpg
Journeys End Island		@	This small island is constantly day and night covert in a black cloud. Legend says that the necromancers at the end of the war made a watchtower in this island to practice their magic for summoning the beast from the seas that will win them the war. Now there are only ruins and carved mysteries in this place.				@	journeysendisland.jpg
Riorm Water Caves		@	You entered the caves and surprisingly water is located in it. While observing the place you can recognize carving and symbols on the walls.																		@	riormwatercaves.jpg
Elderm Courtyard		@	The central home of the water mages. Before they were vanished this was a place of higher knowledge and power. Statues that depict the order of edernium are everywhere.																@	eldermcourtyard.jpg
Elderm Arcane University	@	You entered the abandoned university and start looking the area for clues. You find carvings and symbos on the walls that lead you into a room. At the end of a room you see a statue holding a glowing blue sphere. The bottom of the statue says "The key of the bottom less evil".							@	eldermarcaneunivarsity.jpg
Scorpions Den		@	This abandoned route is now infested with huge scorpions of the desert. There is also a destroyed caravan the skeletons of the merchants still lay on the sand while the merchantile is scattered all over the place. You start slowing your pace so that you wont be noticed by the beasts.							@	scorpionsden.jpg
E'sayiss Roads		@	The strong current of the scortching desert gave this particullar shape to the rocks of this place. After a venduring into the desert you stopped to retain your powers and relax.																@	esayissroads.jpg
The Great Jade Sea		@	You stand at your ship gazing upon the endless sea and then you realize there is a jade color beam ten meters south of you. You emidiately head there with your boat to examine this.															@	thegreatjadesea.jpg